Stat 850 Project Description
================
Kyle Dougherty, Seth Norquest, Dalton Obermier

## Instructions

Each member of your team should modify this document in some way and
push their modifications to the repository in a separate commit. This
will ensure that you have set your repository up in a way that ensures
all group members are working with the same repository.

Note that you must compile your readme (this document) for it to
properly display as part of your github repository.

Once you have received feedback on your project proposal (via Canvas)
you may alter this README so that it describes your final project
instead of the project proposal.

## Data Set

### Link to Dataset

<https://github.com/stat850-unl/project-dalton-seth-kyle/blob/master/ST_project.xlsx>

### Description of Dataset 

SowID = animal Treatment = Feeding time pre-farrow (1 = 7-10AM; 2 =
2-5AM) Farrow Date = date of farrow, on a 1000 day calender Onset = time
of starting of farrowing Piglet = number of piglets born when onset was
recorded End = completion of farrowing Farrow Time = Duration of
farrowing Induce = (1 = induced; 0 = not induced) Due Date = 114
gestation date, on a 1000 day calender Gestation length = gestation
length TNB = total number born SB = stillborn count SB_perc = stillborn
percentage \## Potential Topics to Explore Using the Data Set

The data we will be using comes from a trail Dalton conducted at a hog
farm in NE Nebraska in the summer of 2020. The goal of this trial was to
decrease the incidences of stillborns within litters of pigs. In order
to do this, they tried feeding pre-farrowing sows at different times of
the day to alter their time of parturition. This is vital because
farrowings that occur during farm staff hours (during the day) are often
better off due to the extra assistance available (less dead pigs!)

## Group Members

Dalton: Provided dataset and descriptions of dataset and trial. Kyle:
Added description from Dalton and some formatting.
